FIX: colorbar pad for `ImageGrid` (#28525)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/mpl_toolkit_colorbar_pad.rst

Fix padding of single colorbar for ``ImageGrid``
------------------------------------------------

``ImageGrid`` with ``cbar_mode="single"`` no longer adds the ``axes_pad`` between the

> axes and the colorbar for thr ``cbar_location`` left and bottom. Add required space
> using `cbar_pad` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
axes and the colorbar for ``cbar_location`` "left" and "bottom". If desired, add additional spacing
unsing ``cbar_pad``.
```

> unsing ``cbar_pad``.

Author: ```suggestion
using ``cbar_pad``.
```
